what's up my seals seal thought here and
I've been playing a bit of color julie
and i got myself on my lab so I mean
quite a good mood at the moment anyone
who's had a mob knows what it's like
pretty fun and you see they're getting
the play you guys recommend it it's a
piss check it right back very solid
choice i'm pretty glad you guys chose
him to panik's and if you're wondering
why I didn't get rafinha it's because he
was in my original RTG and didn't want
to get any the same place so we didn't
get him a pump against this guy with
their french league team which scars
this gold to start off with I don't know
what Mikey was doing their publishing
saved it and done a bit better but we
get back in the game with a great little
too canny our style volley from Kemper
that makes it 1-all and then for some
reason the sched doesn't want to play
anymore I mean to be fair I was all over
him I felt like I should have won that
game that was pretty much one of the
only good shots the atom and he had to
feel shots on-target but the weren't
really troubling my keep and I even look
at the stats after this because I had my
shots on target than he had in tow so I
felt a big but got it after that but
we're going to the next game this guy's
not got the greatest of chemistry and
she's got a pretty random team to be
honest he's got quite a few Italians in
there than a couple of German players
even got a sheller and he's got a couple
of Brazilian players as well so I'm not
sure what he's doing there but we take
the lead with now the finally gets his
head on a corner but try to do that for
a tease I didn't last the first one he
scarred and then from that we do when I
saw a bit of passing mcgurthey one girl
surely it was a bit lucky with that turn
to be honest because the defender should
be doing better but it tips the keeper
and guess it to to nil and they're from
that we work it through to Podolski
throw on girl keeper comes out with God
for a chip he does get there to be fair
and then his defenders going innkeepers
going in and the maker right hash of it
I was quite funny about to watch that at
the time because it would just
ridiculous I like go went in but that
makes it three nil horrible on girl
after that she'll gets a bit of spare
still in the first half turns makes it
four nil and then Podolski to end the
first half after the little rule i gets
taken down by the keeper and steps up
himself to hit the penalty dispatches it
pretty nicely into the top corner in
fact well it wasn't the best pinner but
it went in on the list and then we're
swinging a corner this is just at the
end of the first half you just clear it
and then I smash it into make it six nil
so absolutely smashed him in that half
but you just make sure you get a
consolation goal with Fernanda Nia but
we're going to get a few more
us because we don't really like to
concede and probably give a bit of a
taste of his own medicine with a girl
stripped back their from Podolski and
then that made it seven for some reason
he just passes it straight to me and
getting fouled and we end of the
penalize so this time I thought I'd blow
on it why not he's not a color yet and
there's a girl for him in the bottom
left-hand corner Schurrle then finds
himself in some good spirits with a
greater Smasher willing mix it mang one
and this guy decides to quit there and
to be fair his name one down i'm not
sure why anyone would stay in but stayed
in for a long time so I thought my
finished again banded I'm not sir after
that bring a contempt sir I was pretty
happy to get lucky could tells content
and perhaps that's the worst jerkle here
for the next month and he's gonna go
straight in the team and we also
replaced our sent her back with the same
one to be honest because found him on
the market and he's from the Bundesliga
so it's nice to get him there because
it's had to get one for 200 cars are in
the Bundesliga as opposed to the 2nd
bundesliga but for a change we got on
there and we've got quite a nice bit of
chemistry now finally not got 99
chemistry because his checks on the
wrong formation but I do intend to
replace him with one this information if
I can just wasn't any on the market at
the time I thought the same thing I did
with verenia I walked discarding I'll
just worm sell him and replace him so
the complicated Cisco's got 352 was his
formation and any one place that in for
some trouble to be honest and he's not
got a good team at eyes but very low
chemistry but Oscar guesses in front
with a nice little girl there he roused
the keeper and then bendis smashes one
from rindge flies into the bottom corner
sure then gets a bit lucky there by then
jinx pasta player turns and makes it
three nil giving us a nice healthy lead
and then chiller again gets a bit of
space in the box this time in the next
half makes it far and then were awarded
a penalty for a tackle on verenia so
it's gonna be a blur of steps up again
because we've got this last one and he
puts us one away a much better right in
the top corner very powerful penalty and
I ended five nil sir everybody
convincing win Fuhrer's there I'm where
I saw my guys to my house guys got no
chance let his the greatest player of
all time his team was absolutely
shocking and after that I even bought
some contract cause messing around a bit
and surprisingly I got the same guy
again and he took the game I mean fair
play for chicken again but you know I
don't always expecting really I mean the
only difference is made to his team was
checking out a gold
blessed him with a bronze one sir I'm
always sure what he was thinking but
Witter delayed yet again this time
Schurrle finishes off the deflection
from the keeper and then Podolski with a
beautiful free-kick into the bottom
corner arguably the keeper could have
done better with that book it was a
great strike from Podolski and after
that I tops it off with a nice little
daisy cutter into the bottom corner to
make it 3 no then I'll depicts the
ballpark defense unleashes a massive
pasture out of the field fence Podolski
he does get lucky again because that
defender just falls down and he drills
one to the bottom corner that makes it
for Neil Patrick for Podolski and then
content or pick support from left-back
gosto and go past a few play smash the
one from range can't quite get it in
keeping makes a good served and sheilas
rounds out last player aware that
makes it five nil and then just to top
things off now defines a bit of space
runs into it absolutely unleashes a
furious strike sticks Neil and we've
been even more than last time so that's
11 girls Buster sim guy in two games as
I said he don't know what it was
expecting to be honest he hasn't
improved his team and I got over a
thousand kinds of all that so after this
we're gonna go buy a next play I'm gonna
get another sent her back and same guys
we had last time first up Benedict over
des plus 4 sharka 71 pissed 80 defending
and heading his six-foot tool so is a
very very solid choice next we've got
super thich 72 PS 8180 to defending so I
was wrong way around and he's six foot
far then I down side to him that hes not
german but sabrina is to up nan ki she
should be all right last up we've got in
not in farm sorry upgraded Jerome
Boateng from a ban Munich and his
six-foot 369 pierce it sooo defending 80
heading sir let me know he want me to
buy in the comments guys as always
silvered out with the seal of approval